hello their fellows I'm big fan of Star
Wars so my friend told me about texture
pack that's called my Mars for Minecraft
of course so today in this video I'll
show you what actually what was this
texture pack all about so let's start
okay I'm in the world as you can see and
I'm wearing a helmet so this is the
pumpkin and when you put it on your head
it looks like this like a helmet and its
really great and all the whole suit
looks like a spacesuit and in the
background there's space as you can see
and this texture pack has quite a lot of
interesting things and one of them is
definitely the laser sword so it's the
same as regular sword but it comes in
different cars and it's a little bit
thinner so I'll just put the creative
one so you can see all this sort so on
their different card and we're into so
really different and the tools are
different too as you can see the X the X
look like this it's a little bit changed
and and shower
is a little bit changed too so okay but
the biggest difference from the original
minecraft is that the bow is changed
into the light gun so this is the ball
and as you can see it shoots lasers just
like arrows but they're lasers and it
looks really good so congrats to the one
who did it okay um this texture pack
also has some some mistakes yelled out
some mistakes because some blocks are
painted pink as you can see and it
doesn't look good like my pyramid there
it was made from sand before but now
it's all pinky because for some reason
the sand blocks our pinky I don't like
that but the rest is okay so if you
install this multi this texture pack you
will need quite a lot of time to get
used to it because almost all the blocks
are different and one of the interesting
things is this
is this train train railroad yeah sorry
I forgot and the cactuses there they
look like this now so okay yeah this is
and another thing the the wall some
walls are now different and they look
like computers or something like that so
you can build spaceships with them yeah
so I think I told you for all the
interesting stuff I'm not sure how much
this video lasts and I can show you the
ship from the star wars that i made so
yeah this is how it looks it's quite
nice maybe I can do a tutorial if you
let me know that you want it in the
comment section so yeah and another
thing the the iron the iron blocks look
better in this texture pack and I made a
yard it's really nice i think is the
greatest thing I ever did in Minecraft I
will like it so if you like it to please
let me know in the comment section and
maybe I can do a tutorial so what can I
say thanks for watching if you liked
this texture pack please download it I'm
sure the guys that made it will be
very happy and this is all for now
please like and subscribe thanks for
watching and goodbye